I'm running through sand pushing a sled
and I go is this seal school what are we
doing right now the field school your
stop right now the top thanks so much
for coming in morning thanks for having
me
people will see in your biography that
you are from Cincinnati that's only a
little bit true Bethesda hospital
downtown Cincinnati April 16 1979 world
change man
yeah Reds fan no no you're just wearing
a hat I just bought this hat in 17
minutes ago just so you Victor people
film what do you feel like hey man we're
all together in this thing you know in
this in this thing of you buying tickets
to my shows yeah at the Liberty funny
bone today and tomorrow what can people
expect when they come and see a Tom
Segura show I mean you know they can
expect a world-class DJ who consumes a
lot of h2o doing jokes that are not
family-friendly oh I like that I like
that you know I guess it is adult
entertainment that's absolutely I mean
you could bring your kid but that's on
you wouldn't be a good idea now you
talked about concern with a lot of h2o
yeah you want to talk about water
Olympics well the water championships
actually won I'm the current water
champion Southern California they have
these competitions I drank two and a
half gallons in six hours and what I'm
just very proud of it you know oddly
enough my wife also competed she came in
last place because she drink you ever
seen a Yorkie drink water and they go
like mm-hmm drink that's how my wife
just stupid Tiffany I was like oh that
was great
Bart Chrysler so you got Bart Chrysler
he's so fat he really fat comedic friend
of mine and we're having like a who was
fatter thing going on and he's he's like
so much fatter yeah so next week we have
a fat shirts coming out and we're
basically we're having people align
themselves with either me or him
and either you buy a shirt that says
he's fat or you buy if you're on his
team you buy a shirt that says I'm fat
but I think since I'm on TV right now
with it so I'm right yeah oh yeah okay
absolutely cuz this is gonna go on sir
I'm gonna send you each shirts oh thanks
oh let's say that he's fat okay okay
mm if you wear them on the news that
they could really help did your wife
have the baby yet you were talking about
the baby oh yes like shout how does a
baby seven months old how's that going
it's good I mean it's very good he's
very cute
he's not like Asian cute but he's really
cute like for a white kid so you think
they're the best Asian babies tacos
biracial babies you're really beautiful
yes it up everything absolutely I like
him purebred I like I really wish my son
was Asian
sorry this families start off on the
right on your laptop's are good
something's up at liberty funny ball
today tomorrow right what yes sir
two shows tonight two shows tomorrow
don't bring your children let's say
thank you we'll be looking for our
shirts Tom pigs thank you
I'm fat be right back